Copyright Â© 2018. The Public Broadcasting Service (PBS).

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

The contents of this package were developed under a cooperative agreement
#PRU295A150003, from the U.S. Department of Education. However, these contents
do not necessarily represent the policy of the Department of Education, and
you should not assume endorsement by the Federal Government.

This Software was commissioned by and developed for PBS under contract with
Enlearn. This Software is intended to connect educational games developed by
third parties for PBS to Enlearn's proprietary educational learning software
engine (the "Enlearn Software"). The Enlearn Software is not licensed pursuant
to the MIT License hereunder or under any other open source software license.
Use of the Enlearn Software, with or without this Software, requires a written
software agreement with Enlearn. If you would like to partner with Enlearn to
provide adaptivity for your educational software to the Enlearn Software,
please contact Enlearn: https://www.enlearn.org/contact.
